## Promotion

"Hao'er, let's go and see what sales activities are going on." My mother's eager voice floated in the air. "Oh, Mom, wait for me, I'll be right back." I went downstairs and went to watch the sales event with my mother.

It's winter and the weather should be cool. But the sun seemed to have eaten gunpowder, scorching the earth as if everything was about to be cooked. I couldn't stand the weather, so I hurriedly said to my mother: "Mom, I don't want to go, I can't stand this damn weather." But my mother insisted on dragging me along, saying that this was an event where I was going to give away something. I followed my mother helplessly with irritability and curiosity.

We arrived there soon, but there was no one there. The surroundings were so quiet that the sun was so shy that it cooled down slightly. I looked around, and then I saw a square table. On the table stood a new color screen computer, which was playing sketches. The characters in it made me dumbfounded. Looking around, there were all rubber stools. I suddenly felt doubtful and hesitated whether to go there. Mom seemed to understand again and forced me to walk over and sit down. So I inevitably walked over. After sitting down, I looked around and had no idea what was going on.

After a while, people came, and more and more people gathered and began to move. Seeing that the time was almost right, the salesman immediately took out two large boxes and two large bags of things from his car and placed them on the table. First, he bowed to everyone like a gentleman, then picked up the microphone and began to say: "Uncles, aunts, eldest sisters, and buddies, thank you all for supporting my work. First of all, let me introduce myself. My surname is Fu. Can you Call me Xiaofu, I’m from Zigong. I currently work for a well-known company in Tianjin. I am now the person in charge of publicity for this company in Ebian County. Before the event starts, I will first set up the dragon gate formation and chat with everyone. Let’s talk about what’s on my mind. But before that, I want to ask you a question. Do any of you here have the habit of going to bed early or going to bed late?” “Oh, no.” Everyone said in unison.

Mr. Xiao Fu smiled and said: "Actually, it's wrong to go to bed early or go to bed late. Such habits will cause backaches for everyone when they wake up in the morning, especially the elderly. Since everyone doesn't have it, that's better. However, I still want to say Let me tell you my thoughts. From my point of view, it is enough for children to sleep for up to eight and a half hours. For teenagers, between seven and eight hours is best. For adults, it is best to sleep for seven and a half hours. , only seven hours of sleep is more than enough. In this way, everyone will be full of energy the next day without back pain. Another best way is to make a cup of red date tea every morning. Leave it to cool, then go outside to breathe fresh air. Wait until the tea is cold before drinking it. Then your body will be better. This will keep you healthy. I think the elderly should learn to enjoy life. , you don’t need to work hard every day, of course, it is essential to work every day, otherwise, if you don’t work for a long time, you will get Alzheimer’s disease. But enjoyment is also important.

In this age of materialistic desires, don’t think about saving, what will you leave for your descendants? Do they still lack something as trivial as yours and your money? There is an old saying in our country that is true: the elderly are servants, adults are masters, and children are ancestors. Doesn’t it just illustrate the status of the elderly in a family? When your grandson or grandson asks you to take money to buy candy, wouldn’t you just give it to him? But when you want to eat something, who will remember what you want, and who should you ask for? If you don’t eat well, dress well, and be diligent and frugal, you will easily get sick. When you get sick, your son will be very busy. He will have to work, take care of you, and take care of your children and home at the same time. , do you think he can be busy enough to come here? As for your daughter, she has been married a long time ago and has her own home and children to take care of. How can she find time to take care of you? As the saying goes: "A chronic illness has no filial son." If you are sick for a long time, will he still take care of you? He will think that this old immortal is not good, or he will think that this old immortal is not dead yet. I have spent so much energy and nothing has happened. Wouldn't he be bored? Of course, true filial sons are excluded, but how many people in this world can truly be considered filial sons? When you go to Hexi, they may still fight over who should own your inheritance. They may even dig graves and rob tombs to get your inheritance, and you can't take these things with you, right? Let your descendants fight for these things, how can you rest under the nine springs? "

The sun was getting more intense, and sweat was already running down my back. Many people in the crowd had already begun to feel restless. Seeing that the situation was almost the same, Mr. Xiao Fu began to get to the point: "What I just said is purely my personal opinion. As for any harm to you, please forgive me. Now I will get to the point. Today I will bring you a kind of The new space suit is called the Gufang Hot Suit. It is composed of target elements and various ingredients. As for the ingredients, I will tell you here. You may not understand, so I will not talk nonsense. Although it looks like It is no different from ordinary thermal underwear, but its functions are immeasurable. I would like to briefly talk about some of its functions. For example, it can protect against radiation, treat rheumatism and other diseases, and can also make people feel better. You had a good night’s sleep.”

Then, he opened the box and displayed a set of underwear. He first asked the staff to unfold the clothes and pants, and then said to everyone: "Maybe you think it looks like ordinary underwear on the outside, how can it have such good functions?" Well, I won’t say it now. I will do an experiment for everyone and let the facts prove the truth and falsehood.” After a pause, he asked again: “Which of you has a lighter?” A middle-aged woman with slightly white hair raised the She raised her hand, then shook the lighter in her hand and said, "Here is it." Mr. Xiao Fu took the lighter from her, said thank you, and lit fire on the clothes. Strangely, the clothes The word on it slowly faded and disappeared like magic. After a while, the word returned to its original shape.

After Mr. Xiao Fu finished doing it, he returned the lighter to the woman and asked: "Who can lend me his mobile phone? Thank you. I will return it immediately after using it." A middle-aged man handed it to him Mr. Xiao Fu immediately caught the phone, wrapped it in his clothes, and then said to everyone: "Who has this man's phone number? Can you try calling him?" His wife replied: "I Yes, I'll call my husband now." After saying that, she started dialing, only to hear a beep, and a prompt tone came from the mobile phone: "Sorry, the user you dialed has turned off." She called a few more times, and the same thing happened. . Mr. Xiao Fu looked at it, then he unfolded his clothes and took out his mobile phone, and continued: "Madam, now, please call your husband again and see if you can get through?" The lady did so and found that he actually got through. She screamed and said: "It's amazing. If I hadn't experienced it myself, I couldn't believe it." "There are such weird things in the world." I cursed in my heart. Is this what he calls radiation protection?

Everything returned to calm. When Mr. Xiao Fu finished the introduction, he said again: "Everyone understands." So everyone responded: "I understand." Mr. Xiao Fu continued: "It is now on sale. Does anyone want to order? What about this suit? You only need to spend ten yuan to get the right to order first. After you get the right to order, you will pay another one hundred and fifty yuan to get this ancient hot suit worth five hundred and sixty-eight yuan. It belongs to you. If you want to order, please raise your hand and grab the one hundred and sixty yuan in your hand. The staff will receive it one by one and then send you a free and discounted VIP order card. Now Please raise your hand if you want to order.”

The whole place was silent, but there were still a few women with bright eyes who were ready to move. Finally, they raised their hands, with a red shiny one hundred dollar bill and a green shiny fifty dollar bill in their hands. banknotes, and a blue ten-dollar bill. The staff quickly walked up to them, took their money, and handed the order cards to them. After seeing someone start, people began to raise their hands one after another, causing the staff to panic. Finally, after seeing the distribution, Mr. Xiao Fu said: "Now let's introduce the next product. Originally, I was going to give these products as gifts to everyone, but seeing that there are many people here today, these are not enough. So I thought of a way, first come first served, everyone is okay with it." Everyone said, "No objection."

Mr. Xiaofu continued: "Now I will introduce this thing to you. Maybe you will find that this is not a bath towel? Yes, this is indeed a bath towel, but what I want to say is the function of this bath towel. This is a kind of bath towel that is different from ordinary bath towels." The new bath towel can protect you from cold and keep warm, no matter in spring, summer, autumn or winter, no matter adults or children. What does it mean? When summer comes, wearing it can keep you cool. When winter comes, wear it. It can keep you warm. It plays an important role in keeping the baby warm especially after taking a bath. This bath towel is worth 168 yuan. Does anyone still want to order ancient hot-steaming clothes?"

People sat quietly and looked at him. Seeing that no one responded, Mr. Xiaofu added: "Okay. Since there are none, let's start handing out bath towels. The staff handed out bath towels one after another. Mr. Xiaofu added: "The event is coming to an end. Thank you everyone for coming to the event. , don’t be impatient now, there will be gifts for everyone in a while, every customer who comes will have them. "Some people in the crowd couldn't sit still after hearing this and continued to sit down. The staff began to distribute gifts. After distribution, Mr. Xiao Fu said: "This gift is worth one hundred yuan, so I won't introduce its functions to you. Well, in a word, it is definitely extraordinary. The event is over and everyone can go home. Here, I wish everyone good health and all the best. Thank you all. "The people gradually dispersed. The sun set in the west, leaving only the afterglow of the setting sun shining on the earth.

My mother and I returned home. My mother hurriedly opened the gift, and it turned out that it was just a comb.

The next day, a big event happened in the village, and many people gathered together to talk. I had just finished breakfast when I heard someone shouting: "That dead-end liar, he sold some clothes for 168 yuan, he looked like we took a big advantage, he tricked me to death, it's obviously him I took advantage of him. I haven’t even worn the clothes yet, but they are already ruined. They have multiple functions. I think it’s just some liar’s trick. If I can sue him, I will definitely sue his eighteenth generation ancestors.”

Many people also echoed: "Yeah, it's so sad. Mine was too. I don't know why, but it suddenly died. If I had known this, I shouldn't have gone through this flood! Unfortunately, the others have already ran away. Otherwise, we must ask him to pay us back our money." They had to warn themselves not to fall for the scammers next time, and they would consider themselves unlucky this time.

That night, it rained heavily, the wind howled, and the rain poured down, as if to punish people's hearts. I sat alone in front of the window, looking at the heavy rain outside, looking at the faint light, and sighed helplessly.
